Added a badgeColor to the ListRecords Tab Component (#8539)
filamentphp/filament: packages/panels/docs/03-resources/02-listing-records.md

As in the example above, this could be quite useful for showing the number of records that pass that filter.

The color of a badge may be changed using the `badgeColor()` method:

```php
use Filament\Resources\Pages\ListRecords\Tab;

Tab::make()
    ->badge(Customer::query()->where('active', true)
    ->badgeColor('success')
```

> ### Customizing the default tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Customizing the default tab
```

As in the example above, this could be quite useful for showing the number of records that pass that filter.

> You can change the color of a badge using the `badgeColor()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The color of a badge may be changed using the `badgeColor()` method:
```

```php
use Filament\Resources\Pages\ListRecords\Tab;

Tab::make()

>     ->badgeColor('warning')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ->badge(Customer::query()->where('active', true)
    ->badgeColor('success')
```

As in the example above, this could be quite useful for showing the number of records that pass that filter.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```php
use Filament\Resources\Pages\ListRecords\Tab;

Tab::make()
    ->badge(Customer::query()->where('active', true)
    ->badgeColor('success')
```

> 
> You can also pass in a closure to change the color depending on the count or name of the tab.
> 
> ```php
> use Filament\Resources\Pages\ListRecords\Tab;
> 
> Tab::make()
>     ->badgeColor(fn() => (Customer::query()->where('active', true)->count() > 0 ? 'primary' : 'danger'))
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

As in the example above, this could be quite useful for showing the number of records that pass that filter.

> ### Customizing the color of the badges in filter tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can change the color of the badges in the tabs by passing a string into the `badgeColor()` method of the tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the color of a badge using the `badgeColor()` method:
```
